2014 04_Meeting

Michal Čihař edited this page Apr 18, 2016 · 4 revisions
Clone this wiki locally

LinuxTag is getting closer so we should plan some things for that.

See also the 2014-04 Meeting IRC Log.

LinuxTag - reimbursements

Agenda

We should vote on reimbursing tickets to LinuxTag to all team members (we will have limited number of exhibitor passes).

--Nijel 14:32, 1 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

The price is €50 per person (we get two free passes). The proposal is approved.

LinuxTag - focus

Agenda

What is main focus of our presence there? Do we want to attract new users or developers?

--Nijel 14:32, 1 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

We certainly wish to interact with developers and attract more developer interest, but expect most of our visitors to be users.

LinuxTag - demo

Agenda

What demo will we show on the beamer?

--Nijel 14:32, 1 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

A slideshow on the beamer for displaying commonly used features; but we'll also have laptops available for demo purposes.

We'll discuss screenshots on the mailing list and User:Ibennetch will compile them together.

LinuxTag - flyers

Agenda

Will we bring some flyers to give away? Maybe this could be opportunity to attract new developers?

--Nijel 14:32, 1 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

This seems like a good idea.

LinuxTag - banner graphics

Agenda

What should be on the banner? We have only one proposal so far which does not look that good.

--Nijel 14:32, 1 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

Approved getting Isaac's associate to design it. Not sure about vector sources for our logo, though, we'll discuss on -devel.

LinuxTag - ordering and bringing banner

Agenda

Who will order and bring the banner to the conference?

--Nijel 14:32, 1 April 2014 (CEST)


Please read team mail for looking at a banner suggestion. We'll be getting it + bringing it with, when we know what we want.

--Mynetx 13:56, 5 April 2014 (CEST)


Meeting

J.M. will order the banner.

LinuxTag - tickets

Agenda

Marc has to order two free exhibitor passes for the booth personnel; names have to be given.

Also, have a look at http://www.linuxtag.org/2014/en/ to see the tickets pricing and the possibility of asking for a scholarship.

--Lem9 19:06, 2 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

Approved buying passes for everyone needed. Ann is free, J.M. is discounted.

Michal and Marc will get the two free passes

LinuxTag - room assignments

Agenda

J.M. needs to email to the hotel, the list of members and who will be in which twin-bed room.

Meeting

Isaac will continue discussion on the -team mailing list.

Security coordinator

Agenda

We are looking for a team member to occupy this role.

--Lem9 12:47, 2 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

User:nijel volunteers.

Publishing version 4.2 before GSoC ?

Agenda

The master branch has many new (small) features and a few bug fixes. We could start the 4.2 publishing cycle soon.

--Lem9 12:47, 2 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

The team agrees. Marc will publish 4.2-alpha today.

Possible feature: Multi-server actions

Agenda

Marc was contacted by a user who has to manage 30 MySQL servers; this user would like to propose a pull request that would permit to launch an action on all these servers, for example:

  • verify replication state
  • generate replication tree
  • verify a password
  • create/delete a user

He would like to know if the team thinks that this kind of feature is relevant to phpMyAdmin.

--Lem9 17:00, 4 April 2014 (CEST)

Meeting

We think this is a good idea and will further the purpose of phpMyAdmin which is to make it easy for administrating MySQL servers -- but there are concerns about doing it in a way that doesn't impact the user interface. We will ask for screenshots or mockups before the user spends too much time changing code so we can offer feedback about the design.

Category:Meetings